1.What will be the output of the program? q1 - > Finally

2.What gets printed when the following program is compiled and run. Select the one correct answer.
	q2 -> -4
	
3.What is the result of evaluating the expression 14 ^ 23. Select the one correct answer.  
	^ is bitwise or in java -> 25
	
4.What is an aggregate object?
	An instance which has other objects
	
5.Which all lines are part of the output when the following code is compiled and run. Select the six correct answers.

6.Which of the following statements are true. Select the two correct answers. 
a.	The wait method defined in the Thread class, can be used to convert a thread from Running state to Waiting state. 
b.	The wait(), notify(), and notifyAll() methods must be executed in synchronized code.
c.	The notify() and notifyAll() methods can be used to signal and move waiting threads to ready-to-run state. 
d.	The Thread class is an abstract class.  

	b & C
	
7.What gets printed when the following code is compiled and run with the following command - java test 2 Select the one correct answer.
 1
 
8.What is the result?
	Compile error.
	
9.What is output
	[banana, cherry, papaya, apple, mango]
	
10.Which statement is true regarding the creation of default constructor?
(A) The default constructor initializes local variables. 
(B) The default constructor invokes the constructor of the superclass. 
(C)  The default constructor initializes the instance variables declared in the class. 
(D) When class has only constructor with parameter, the compiler creates a Default constructor 
Answer : The default constructor initializes the instance variables declared in the class.

11.What all gets printed when the following program is compiled and run. Select the one correct answer. 

12.Which of the following are legal identifier names in Java. Select the two correct answers. 
a.	%abcd 
b.	$abcd 
c.	1abcd 
d.	package 
e.	_a_long_name 

Answer : b, e

13.What is the range of values that can be specified for an int. Select the one correct answer.
 -231 to 231 - 1




	